♪
(Melissa)
Folks, there's
a major scandal brewing!
Yuya Sakaki has been accused
of secretly scheming with
none other than the organizers
of the Friendship Cup...
and that could turn
this tournament topsy‐turvy!
Enough with the gossip,
let's duel!
Huh?
(Shay)
The sooner we start,
the sooner I'll finish you off
and the sooner I can go
after Duel Academy!
Hope you have a plan "B,"
'cause I ain't losin'.
The only plan I have
is one that'll lead me
towards victory!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(man)
Scandal schmandal!
Let's get dueling!
Well, I always say you should
give the crowd what they want!
I'll get back to covering
the scandal later,
but let's get
this battle a‐blazing!
(Crow)
I'm the last hope
for the Commons.
If I don't pull out a win today,
nothing will ever
change in this city!
(Shay)
I know there are
agents from Fusion here,
but I won't be able to
find them if I lose
and get sent underground!
You folks all
asked for it,
and we are
gonna oblige!
Fire up the Action Field
Crossover Acceleration!
(computer)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot standing by.
(Melissa on PA)
On your marks...
Get set...
Go!
Let's duel!
(Melissa)
Crow and Shay have both hit
the track at full throttle!
I haven't seen this much
horsepower on display
since my rodeo days!
And speaking of displays,
watching this course
come to life sure
is a sight to see!
All righty, it's looking
like the track's good to go!
Now don't you dare think
to blink,
'cause this battle's gonna be
aspectacle you won't wanna
miss!
The last time Shay dueled,
he and his Raidraptors
left the Duel Palace
in utter ruin.
Should he jeopardize
the beauty of my future empire,
he will pay dearly for it.
I need to track down every
agent from Duel Academy,
and right now
you're slowing me down.
The only things slowing you
down are your skills.
(Melissa on PA)
And it's Crow by a beak
getting to go first!
This is more
than just a duel!
The Commons are counting on me!
I have to win, not just for
them, but for Shinji, too!
It's my turn!
And with it, I summon my
feathered friend
Blackwing,
Jetstream the Blue Sky!
Birds of a feather like to
flock together,
so since I already have
a Blackwing flying about,
I can also summon Blackwing,
Oroshi the Squall!
(squawking)
But it won't be staying
for long
'cause I'm tuning
Oroshi the Squall
with Jetstream the Blue Sky!
Show 'em how we
turn the power of flight
into the power of fight!
I Synchro Summon...
Assault Blackwing,
Sayo The Rain Hider!
Next, I'm activating
the Equip Spell
Charging Blade!
And it's charging
Sayo's attack points by 800!
But that's not all this
equip spell does.
Since I Synchro Summoned Sayo,
it deals 800 points of damage!
Crow gets in the first
lick of the duel!
Yes!
Just like my monsters
have combined into one,
if we unite we can
do anything!
Nobody can keep us down!
Commons rule!
You might be up,
but not for long!
Since I took damage,
I can summon
Raidraptor, Avenge Vulture!
You sure made the most
out of something bad.
You got the same
scrappiness that makes us
Commons so unstoppable.
Now I'm curious to see how you
handle the rest of this duel.
I'm gonna "handle" it
by beating you
so I'm one step closer
to getting to Duel Academy!
I draw!
It's time for me to add
to my aerial assault
by summoning...
Raidraptor, Pain Lanius!
Next, Pain Lanius' Level changes
so that it's the same level
as Avenge Vulture.
But I have to take damage
equal to my
Raidraptor Avenge
Vulture's defense points.
For real?
But it's
no concern of mine.
It's nothing more than
a peck on the neck.
And once again
since I took damage,
I can summon a second
Avenge Vulture!
I get no pain, no gain,
but this is ridiculous.
Since I have three
Raidraptors on my field,
I'm allowed to activate the
spell card Raidraptor Sanctuary!
It lets me draw two cards
from my deck!
It's go time!
Avenge Vulture attack!
Ground that Blackwing!
Nothing's getting grounded!
Sayo can't be destroyed
twice a turn!
I can still swipe
some life points!
Now, swoop on in!
Sayo's still not
going anywhere.
So far you're
0 for two, Shay!
Well, you know what they say,
third time's the charm!
I activate
Raidraptor Rapid Xyz!
It lets me Xyz Summon
during battle!
You mean like now?
I overlay my two Avenge Vultures
and my Pain Lanius in order to
build the Overlay Network!
From the shadows, the falcon
soars on wings of courage,
talons ready
for the rebellion!
I Xyz Summon!
Witness the assent of
Raidraptor Rise Falcon!
(Melissa)
That Raptor's
giving me the goose bumps!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains the attack points of
your Blackwing.
So it looks like my
Rise Falcon's attack points
are about to go sky high!
Wait a minute!
You're using my monsters
to your advantage?
That's right!
Rise Falcon...
Attack Sayo The Rain Hider!
(squawking)
I've grounded your game
and left you with nothing.
The question is, are you
gonna cave
or fight back?
Oh, I'm gonna
fight back all right.
My Blackwings and I are
just getting revved up,
so you
better watch out!
Yeah, for your birds
falling from the sky.
Funny, Shay, but you won't be
laughing after you lose!
♪
If we climb that tower,
we'll have
the perfect view.
Better hurry or
we're gonna miss it.
You're not scared
of heights, are you?
How high we talking?
(Security A)
Sir, we have brought
Yuya Sakaki.
Escort him in.
(door opening)
You may leave now.
Yuya and I have
some matters to discuss.
Yes, sir!
What do you want, Roget?
Now, now, there's
no need to be hostile.
Put your mind at ease, Yuya,
I'm here as your friend.
Get real, Roget.
You could never
be my friend.
Crow and Shay
are my real friends.
Are you sure about that?
After all, whoever wins
this battle
will certainly be
your next opponent.
(gasping)
But neither of them
stands a chance.
Your victory is
essential to my plans.
To your plans?
♪
You're no
threat to me, Crow.
I've faced hordes
of soldiers
who went after my
people for the fun of it!
Compared to those creeps,
you're nothing
but a lightweight!
Talk all you want,
but you'll learn soon
enough that us Commons
are a lot tougher
than you think...
and I'm gonna
prove it!
Check this out!
I'm summoning...
Blackwing, Tornado
the Reverse Wind!
(squawking)
And its special ability
is gonna blow you away!
It lets me summon a Tuner
monster from my graveyard!
So welcome back,
Oroshi the Squall!
Oroshi the Squall tunes
Tornado the Reverse Wind!
There's a storm coming,
and with it comes
a deluge of destruction!
I Synchro Summon!
Assault Blackwing,
Sohaya the Rain Storm!
Since I Synchro Summoned Sohaya,
I can now
bring back another
Assault Blackwing from
my graveyard!
Come...
Sayo The Rain Hider!
And when it rains,
boy, does it pour!
Sayo the Rain Hider counts
as a Tuner Monster,
and that means that I can
Synchro Summon one more time.
That can't be!
Afraid so!
And the forecast for this duel
is about to get even worse!
I'm unleashing
a storm of trouble!
I Synchro Summon!
The turbulent
Assault Blackwing,
Raikiri the Rain Shower!
Yee‐haw!
That was one awe‐inspiring
display of Synchronization!
Raikiri's special ability
activates!
For each Blackwing on my field,
Raikiri can destroy
one of your cards!
Your Rise Falcon
is a goner, Shay!
(Shay)
Or is it?
I play the Action Spell
I picked up!
Mirror Barrier will keep
Rise Falcon safe and sound!
Only for the time being!
'Cause now Raikiri
attacks Rise Falcon!
(yelling)
By sending Raidraptor Booster
Strix to the graveyard,
Rise Falcon can
use one Overlay Unit
to rocket itself out
of harm's way!
That thing
just went supersonic!
And by using another one of
Rise Falcon's Overlay Units,
it can take out the monster
that tried to attack it!
So your
Raikiri is history!
I don't think so!
'Cause I play
the trap Blade Shade!
It shades Raikiri
from being destroyed!
But I can't say the same
thing for your life points,
'cause Blade Shade's
about to hit you
with 500 points of damage!
Your move.
But you gotta
face facts, Shay,
I've got the upper hand
and your aerial assault can
barely get off the ground.
I might be down,
but I'll rise up.
My home was destroyed,
my friends captured...
but that didn't
break me or my spirit.
It only made me
stronger...
and that's
bad news for you!
(Yuya)
What's this plan
you were talking about?
And why am I involved?
Very soon, I will
rule over this city.
In fact, I have already
begun to take control.
Declan!
Riley!
You rat!
Your friends
are safe for now.
I promise no harm
will come to them.
But that guarantee requires
your cooperation.
Hey, Shay,
what kind of turkey
you planning to summon
this time?
Or maybe you're looking at
bringing out a lame duck?
Either way, we both know
that any move you're
planning to make
is certainly
gonna be for the birds.
So bring it on!
Keep flapping your lips...
'cause it'll be that much
sweeter when I shut them!
(Amanda)
They're heading this way!
You sure talk a good game,
Crow, but talk is cheap.
It's time to
put up or shut up.
Crow!
Max it out!
(Jean Michel)
This so‐called "duel"
is a travesty,
quite unlike the battles
you have fought.
With Jack Atlas,
Officer 227
and Shinji Weber.
Your duels against them
were fascinating.
Watching you taught
me an important lesson.
I always believed the point of
dueling was to defeat one's
opponent with
overwhelming force.
But I see what you are
trying to do
and it has opened
my eyes to new possibilities.
When you battle, you're
actually hoping to
communicate something
greater to the spectators.
I know that you want to
entertain the crowd,
Topsiders and Commons alike
through the spirit of
dueltaining.
Because why fight
when you can smile?
That's the point.
When I duel, it's to
make people smile.
What a wonderful
sentiment.
Your dueltainer philosophy
is exactly what
this city needs
to heal its divisions
and bring everyone together!
Of course, your exhibition duel
against Jack Atlas
didn't go as well
as you had hoped.
Your lack of experience with
Turbo Dueling may have
contributed to
your unfortunate defeat.
But since then your skills
have improved
by leaps and bounds!
All I ask is that you
keep competing.
Continue dueltaining
with all your heart.
By doing so, you will bring
smiles to our hearts as well.
It is the only hope
for our fair city.
I am fully confident
that you will unify
Topsiders and Commons
and bring us peace!
♪
I hope Crow
takes this guy down!
What a meanie!
More like a maniac!
He knocked his last opponent
into next week.
Well, Crow's gonna
show 'em what it's like
to be bird food!
I know Shay
seems like a meanie,
but you'd be mad too if
everything you had
was taken
away from you.
Yeah, well,
that's no excuse.
We're not mean and we never
had anything to begin with!
And unlike Shay, I always
play by the rules...
... except for the times
that I don't,
which is all the time.
But whenever Crow
caught us doing something
he thought was wrong,
he'd always
set us straight.
Crow promised us things
would get better.
And Crow always
keeps his promise.
So when he wins
the Friendship Cup,
everything's gonna
be great!
(Jean Michel)
My dream is to bring
peace and order
back to this city,
and eventually
to our whole world!
I know that it won't be
easy, but I must try.
If I can unite
the Topsiders and Commons,
it will be the first step
toward a brighter
and more hopeful future!
Will you help me make
this dream a reality?
I realize
it won't be easy,
but with your skills
and the resources
at my disposal,
I feel certain that
we will succeed in time.
The first step
is clear.
You must
defeat Jack Atlas...
and then lay claim to
the Friendship Cup.
This city needs an
honorable champion.
Unlike Jack Atlas,
you have integrity.
Once you take your place
on his throne,
we can begin to change
this world for the better.
If you're so keen
on working with me,
then what was with
the ambush?
You must understand
it was done for
your own protection.
Your goons ever hear
of the word "please"?
They thought you were
conspiring with
an outsider who's been
lurking around the city.
Wait, you mean Sora?
Sora?
Oh, is that the name of
the blue‐haired boy?
What do you
want him for?
After careful
surveillance,
I've determined
that his presence
cannot be tolerated
because it is
a threat to this city.
He's from Duel Academy,
so he's the enemy,
right?
You can't trust him.
It's true, but...
Sora is a good
friend of mine.
He's not a threat
to this city.
He's not
a threat to anybody.
He's here to help.
How foolish of you
to take him at his word.
Members of Duel Academy
have no friends.
Their lives are dedicated
to one person alone...
to the Professor.
We have to obey
the Professor's
orders no matter what.
That's the Duel Academy
rule.
Trust me Yuya.
Your "friend" Sora
will betray you.
I know this from experience.
Just like Sora, I too am
from the Fusion Dimension.
♪
(Sora)
Figures.
Just when I need to
reach Zuzu in a hurry,
they wrap the whole city
in a security blanket!
Time to take
to the skies!
And unleash all
my might!
Now it's my turn!
Here I go.
I activate the spell
Rank‐Up‐Magic Raid Force!
I overlay Raid Raptor Rise
Falcon to Xyz Summon
another Raid Raptor
that's one Rank higher!
This can't be good.
(Shay)
Terror of the skies,
predator of blazing force,
with wings that slash,
and talons that tear...
Go Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Rise up,
Raidraptor Blaze Falcon!
By using one Overlay Unit
Blaze Falcon's special ability
destroys your monster, and deals
you 500 points of damage.
But thanks to my
trap Blade Shade,
Raikiri The Rain Shower
is protected from
being destroyed!
You do know that if
you keep this up, Shay,
you're totally
gonna end up
winning the duel for me.
(Crow)
There's gotta be more to
Shay's game than meets the eye.
And now Blaze Falcon...
attack Crow directly!
Huh?
(screaming)
When Blaze Falcon
deals you damage,
it also gets to destroy
your monster.
(yelling)
That's a double whammy!
Since Raikiri is gone,
Blade Shade is also destroyed.
With that, I'll play two
face‐downs and end my turn!
(Melissa)Folks, Shay Obsidian
is dueling with the ferocity
of an enraged raptor!
Crow better pick up
his game quick,
or his
Duel Running days are over!
(Jean Michel)
I was sent here by
Duel Academy
to prepare this
city for invasion.
But while I carried out
my mission,
I began to love
this world and its people.
My only goal now is
to help the city
overcome its divisions
so that everyone
can live in peace.
But I can't achieve
this vision alone.
I need your help.
Join forces
with me, Yuya,
and together we will
rule this city.
The choice is yours.